1, Apartment Rental Interest Level

An apartment rental listing includes content like text description, photos, number of bedrooms, price, etc and aims at attracting the most
interest from potential renters. Therefore, both the apartment owners, potential renters and the website hosting the apartment rental 
listings are interested in figuring out how popular an apartment rental listing is. Kaggle Two-Sigma competition provides both training 
and testing data set for the apartment rental listings. Properties of each apartment rental listing such as number of bathrooms, number
of bedrooms, building_id, features, latitude, longitude, price, address and interest_level are listed in the data set. The training dataset
contains 49352 entries and 15 columns including interest_level. The testing dataset contains 74659 entries, 14 columns not including 
interest_level. Here the target variable is defined as the interest_level which is the number of inquiries a listing has in the duration 
that the listing was live on the site. The interest_level is expressed as ‘low’, ‘medium’, ‘high’ in the training set and the goal is to 
predict the probability that the testing apartment rental listing fall in each of the three category.  This is a multivariant 
classification problem.

The data comes from Kaggle competition: https://www.kaggle.com/c/two-sigma-connect-rental-listing-inquiries/data

2, Gender in US colleges

With the evolving feminist movement and rising of women’s rights, we see more and more female students graduate from college in the US.
An interesting question to ask is what factors are determining the gender population of colleges and how they evolve over the last twenty 
years? This analysis may help uncover some hidden factors determining the gender ratio in colleges and help college enrollment office 
make better enrollment decisions.

The Department of Education uses college scorecard to make it easier for students to search for a college that is good for them. The 
data set contains comprehensive information of colleges such as their sizes, location, majors, admission rate, intuition etc and their
student body including family income, gender, performance at and after school etc between 1996 and 2015. This is a classification 
problem and involves tons of data mining and wrangling.

The data set can be found in the following link:
https://catalog.data.gov/dataset/college-scorecard
https://collegescorecard.ed.gov/data/documentation/

3, Outcomes of 2017 US men’s college basketball tournament

With the 2017 US men’s basketball tournament approaching, I would like to use historical data to predict the winners and losers of this 
year’s game using classification. This work would be attractive to those who desire to have advancing knowledge of the consequence of 
the game including basketball fans, gamblers of this game and businessmen who plan to make a profit out of this game, to name a few. 
The data set for historical games are provided by Kaggle:
https://www.kaggle.com/c/march-machine-learning-mania-2017/data1, Apartment Rental Interest Level
